net: lib: nrf_cloud: coap: Convert ZCBOR errors to errno.h errors (#22309)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Libraries for networking
------------------------

* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

>   * Replaced returning positive ZCBOR errors for negative errno.h errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Updated to return negative :file:`errno.h` errors instead of positive ZCBOR errors.
```
Or is this the other way round?
